README.md, before:

# Hindi-Hostlity-Detection
This is the official repository for Hostile Post Detection in Hindi language. This dataset was used in the shared task at Constraint@AAAI collocated with AAAI 2021. For more details about the shared task please visit: https://constraint-shared-task-2021.github.io/

The competition was hosted at CodaLab, for more details please visit: https://competitions.codalab.org/competitions/26654

The shared task consisted of two sub-tasks:

      i.  Coarse grained Hostility Detection: The task is to predict whether a given post is hostile or not.
      ii. Fine-grained Hostility Detection: The task is to detect one or more hostile dimensions which the post belongs to. The four hostile dimensions are fake, hate, defamation, and offensive
      
A total of 44 teams participated in the competition. The final leaderboard can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1KYi4A_QgmGRgEsxylCoLI2ddO872hMaf/view) 

If you find this repository useful, please cite:

@misc{bhardwaj2020hostility,
      title={Hostility Detection Dataset in Hindi}, 
      author={Mohit Bhardwaj and Md Shad Akhtar and Asif Ekbal and Amitava Das and Tanmoy Chakraborty},
      year={2020},
      eprint={2011.03588},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.CL}
}

Commit message:

Added Link to Dataset Paper

README.md, after:

# Hindi-Hostlity-Detection
This is the official repository for Hostile Post Detection in Hindi language. This dataset was used in the shared task at Constraint@AAAI collocated with AAAI 2021.

The Dataset paper can be found here: https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.03588

For more details about the shared task please visit: https://constraint-shared-task-2021.github.io/

The competition was hosted at CodaLab, for more details please visit: https://competitions.codalab.org/competitions/26654

The shared task consisted of two sub-tasks:

      i.  Coarse grained Hostility Detection: The task is to predict whether a given post is hostile or not.
      ii. Fine-grained Hostility Detection: The task is to detect one or more hostile dimensions which the post belongs to. The four hostile dimensions are fake, hate, defamation, and offensive
      
A total of 44 teams participated in the competition. The final leaderboard can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1KYi4A_QgmGRgEsxylCoLI2ddO872hMaf/view) 

If you find this repository useful, please cite:

@misc{bhardwaj2020hostility,
      title={Hostility Detection Dataset in Hindi}, 
      author={Mohit Bhardwaj and Md Shad Akhtar and Asif Ekbal and Amitava Das and Tanmoy Chakraborty},
      year={2020},
      eprint={2011.03588},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.CL}
}
